To start the ideation process, each team member had the task to come up with at least two game ideas. We then met together to discuss the possible game ideas. After going through the details of each idea, we decided on two games: a game similar to Pong but with a few twists and a tank-battle game where the terrain changes randomly after a certain period of time. For both games we designed the initial requirements based on a use-case diagram, use-case specifications and user stories. We then used these to create mock-up paper prototypes for both games. These paper-prototypes were then used to create videos that provide a simple demonstration of how both the Pong and the Tank games would be played. Shortly after we met again and decided to pursue the tank-battle game as our final idea.

Statement of service
With our game, one or two players will be able to engage in tank-battle style gameplay as they attempt to defeat the other player before losing themselves. When the game first loads, the user can choose to view the instructions or play with one or two other players. The arrow keys are used to control the tank and  the space bar, ‘-‘ and ‘=’ buttons are used to control the shot trajectory. With our "twist," the existing map is shuffled to provide fresh, unpredictable landscapes for the player to explore.

Inputs and situations
The user can use the keyboard to interact with the game. Using left and right keys will move the tank along the map. The user can angle the tank barrel by using the up and down arrow. When the map shuffle is activated, a the terrain will be re-generated into a new and different map. The damage to each tank, money collected and weapons’ stock remains the same. The round is won when the user destroys the opponent’s tank. After each round, the user will be taken to a ‘shop’ where they’ll be able to buy assorted weaponry to aid in their next round. When all rounds are finished an end game screen will be displayed with the results and they will have the option to play again or exit the game.

Constraints
We made the decision to not include a trajectory assist element. This is because one of the highlights of our game is the element of trial-and-error, which makes the user need more than one attempt to hit the opponent’s tank for the first time and thereafter. There is also a time limit in place for how long the user can adjust their shot angle and power. This is to force the user to make their play quickly and to avoid slow gameplay.
